welcome to the man of recaps this is the
walking dead world beyond episode five
our gang needs to cross the great
mississippi river all the bridges were
destroyed at the beginning of the zombie
apocalypse and the boats are all broken
so our crew of wily teenagers are ready
to fix one up they go to a nearby
warehouse to find supplies in this
episode it is elton whose backstory we
get his parents were scientists at the
museum that's why he had a triceratops
horn his dad didn't pull any punches
explaining how the dinosaurs were
incinerated by a meteor it's like yes an
unhappy truth is better than a happy lie
but then when the zombie apocalypse
broke out he hands out in the
triceratops horn like hey this horn is
magic it'll keep you safe anyway the
crew starts building their boat but
remember the adults felix and huck are
still hoping to convince the kids to
turn around
felix started getting through elton last
episode and is hoping to have him on
their side when the conversation starts
but hope overhears them plotting and
blows the whole thing up huck talks to
hope these two were always tight and at
first it's like hey yeah i wanted to
turn you guys around because i mean
you're all gonna die out here but now i
see you guys are committed to it an
adventure like this makes you stronger
so i'm in to help huck reveals how she
got her nickname by the way she floated
into the omaha colony on a raft down the
missouri river so they called her huck
like huckleberry finn iris and felix got
to an old bar daiquiri town where they
have a heart to heart now felix was
brought in by their dad apparently he
was kind of like an older brother to
them in fact felix was originally going
to go with their dad to the civic
republic as his security detail but
their dad was like yo felix i need you
to stay behind and look after my
daughters so it's felix's boyfriend will
who went with him so if they really are
in danger felix is just as invested as
the girls and saving them but now a
thunderstorms have come in and oh
lightning strikes the pole and opens up
daiquiri town the zombie's coming out
the gang rushes to finish the boat
instead of just waiting till the storm
passes because i guess the rising water
level would carry it away they're not
just gonna paddle by the way they need
an engine to fight the current and
they're gonna use as fuel nail polish it
actually works but oh something gets
disconnected the smallest member of the
group's gotta go down there and fix it
we learned last episode that elton is
claustrophobic though it's because he
wrote out the zombie apocalypse in this
little box but he faces his fear
reciting the planets as he crawls down
there and fixes the thing the boat's too
heavy to push they might have to give up
and turn around after all but felix
comes in to help with the wedge and
saves the day they're floating across
the river narrowly escaping the zombie
horde it's gonna be a dangerous crossing
during a thunderstorm but actually the
skies cleared up i guess they just
forgot about that so now on the other
side of the mississippi huk is going to
go out on a solo two-day scouting
mission to see what's out there elton
cries for a while thinking about his
dead parents he's finishing his mom's
manuscript which seems to be a super
cheesy kids science book when elton left
his box he found his dad dead
literally zero feet from where he
started he did not make it very far but
he never found his mom he has hope she's
still alive out there with his baby
sister remember she was pregnant elton
shows a picture of his mom to hope who
immediately recognizes her as the woman
she shot
and killed as a kid oh boy that's gonna
be some drama watch out for that but
first someone's approaching camp that's
not a zombie it's a person with a stick
from the next episode preview is
apparently a new teenage dude with some
sort of side quest for him
find out on the next episode of walking
dead world beyond
if you like this recap hit that
subscribe button for more of the best
recaps of tv and movies and if you love
this recap check out the join button and
support the channel as a member